Q what is RestAPI vs API


why we use Node.js?

Ans::  Node.js allows developers to use JavaScript for server-side programming

Q:: What is express.js?
Ans:: Express.js is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application
 framework that provides a robust set of features for building 
 single and multi-page,

What is advantage express?
Ans::It helps you build single and multi-page applications 
 quickly by providing a simple API for routing HTTP requests to your code.

:::Routing: Express allows you to define routes for handling different HTTP  (e.g., GET, POST, PUT, DELETE)

:::Templating Engines:   like EJS, Pug, or Handlebars to render dynamic HTML pages.

:::Error Handling: 

:::Middleware Ecosystem: There is a rich ecosystem of third-party middlewar

Method-specific Middleware:

Param Middleware: 

Error-handling Middleware:

Third-party Middleware: example body-parser

Error-handling Middleware:

app.use((err, req, res, next) => { /* error handling logic */ }).

Router-level Middleware:

Built-in Middleware ::xpress.json(), express.urlencoded(), and express.static().


Q what is middleware?
Middleware plays a crucial role in processing HTTP requests and responses, and it can
be used to perform various tasks such as request processing, response handling, 

const express = require('express');
const app = express();

// Middleware function 1
app.use((req, res, next) => {
  console.log('Middleware 1 - This is executed for every request.');
  next(); // Pass control to the next middleware
});

// Middleware function 2
app.use((req, res, next) => {
  console.log('Middleware 2 - This is also executed for every request.');
  next();
});

// Route handler
app.get('/', (req, res) => {
  console.log('Route handler - This is the final endpoint.');
  res.send('Hello, World!');
});

app.listen(3000, () => {
  console.log('Server is running on port 3000');
});

Q what is cors in express.js 

In Express.js, CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) is a middleware that helps control access to resources on a web server from web pages or web 
applications hosted on different domains. C

Q what is cookiParser
Ans::cookie-parser is a middleware for Express.js, a web application framework for 
Node.js. This middleware simplifies the process of parsing and managing HTTP cookies in Express applications. Cookies are small pieces of data that a server sends to a client's web browser, and the browser stores these cookies for later use, typically for tasks like user
authentication or session management.

Q what is router?
In Express.js, a router is a way to group related routes and their 
associated middleware into a smaller, modular, and more organized unit. Routers are a fundamental
part of structuring Express applications,

Q what is mongoose.Schema?
mongoose.Schema is used to create a schema for your data models. A schema defines the shape or structure 
of documents within a MongoDB collection

Q what is mongoose
Mongoose is an Object Data Modeling (ODM) library for MongoDB and a popular tool for building and interacting 
with MongoDB databases in Node.js applications.

Schema Definition: Mongoose allows you to define the structure of your data using schemas. A schema defines the fields, their types, and
validation rules for documents in a MongoDB collection.

Model Creation:  hey provide methods for performing CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) 

Data Validation: Mongoose supports data validation, allowing you to specify validation rules for fields in your schema. 






